we're on day four of TechLink CES
coverage but today was only officially
day one of CES so what everything before
now is just a warm-up
well at this rate I'm gonna be hotter
than a 40 90. at their event AMD
introduced some tasty new CPUs but also
foreshadow the dark AI future for
Windows we'll start with the bright
stuff though the successor to the
popular ryzen 7 5800 x3d gaming CPU has
been announced actually it has three
successors one with eight cores one with
12 and one with a whopping 16. based on
the launch of the 5800x3d I cannot wait
for these things to come out Crush
absolutely everything else in gaming
benchmarks and be permanently sold out
everywhere AMD also unveiled their ryzen
7000 mobile CPU lineup and announced
that their new 7040 Series has a
dedicated AI engine called ryzen AI wow
Lisa Sue says that this engine is 20
better than Apple's M2 engine
um are we talking cars or chips at this
point anyway she proved the only way
that tech companies know how to Market
is using colorful graphs covered in
vague statements with some kind of
relationship with cars I mean remember
when Intel came up with I3 i5 and i7
that's just BMW Sue then invited
Microsoft executive Panos Penang onto
the stage who stated that AI is going to
reinvent how you do everything on
Windows it's worth noting by the way
that open AI is in an exclusive
Computing relationship with Microsoft
which could mean chat GPT embedded in
Windows 11 and is this in Tech linked
yet they've already announced that it's
going to be built into Bing
we talked about that yesterday wild
right anyway that could be bad news for
students in New York City since they
have been banned from using the chat bot
I hope they like Chromebooks because
Public Schools can't afford Apple's
prices Sony CES announcements leaned
into the unconventional this year with
the reveal of project Leonardo a
customizable controller to make
PlayStation 5 gaming more accessible in
a blog post Sie senior vice president
hideaki nishino
good said that accessibility is an
important topic to us at PlayStation
which is why of course they waited more
than four years after Microsoft released
their adaptive controller to do
something about it there were more
Revelations to be had though as Sony
also revealed the name of the electric
vehicle car brand that they created in
cooperation with Honda a Fila because at
the heart of Mobility is the word feel I
actually didn't make that up that is a
direct quote from the presentation and
not some sort of cars fan fiction
written by Nicholas Sparks you know I
thought it was sort of poking fun at
Nintendo about the whole Chris Pratt
Mario thing I feel like I'm making a car
of course Sony knows what everyone
really came to see es for movie
announcements as Sony announced a Gran
Turismo movie being directed by District
9 Creator Neil blomkampf and featuring
actors like David Harbaugh or David and
or Orlando Bloom he's back I mean I
would have liked to see a demo of the
psvr 2 instead of a movie announcement
at CES but hey Sony you do you and
Lenovo decided to info dump harder than
a Kojima video game this year the
company decided to enter the e-ink space
with their upcoming smart paper tablet
but wait if you presumably give them
even more money for a different e-ink
screen it will come with a free laptop
because the e-ink tablet is attached to
the laptop it's called the thinkbook
plus twist and the twist is that the
e-ink screen is on the back of the main
OLED display with a Twist hinge to allow
you to Boom twist swap between his two
screens and if you like that thing you
Gonna Love lenovo's new yoga book 9i
whose twin 13-inch displays are OLED
this time around in a surprising break
from dual screen products Lenovo also
announced project Kronos essentially a
set-top box that allows for motion
capture without any physical apparatus
that sounds an awful lot like the Xbox
Connect is this Deja Vu and the remnants
of Motorola who were bought by Lenovo
are making a business-oriented think
phone with apparently better security
and productivity which isn't that just
BlackBerry
I said that doesn't sound that original
Lenovo have you guys have you guys tried
adding another screen or a nipple now
it's time for the buckwats brought to
you by see Sonic right now they're
working with Newegg for a special promo
use code love lmg to save 15 on seasonic
Focus FM series power supplies over at
newegg's site also be sure to keep an
eye open for their mag flow fans which
feature an intuitive magnetic connection
system that makes installation and cable
management easier than ever so check out
their focus FM promo and learn more
about mag flow at the links down below
excuse me I need to get the uh buckwets
out of storage
um they said I'm supposed to take the
elevator but I see them right over there
so one moment
oh I knew they were going to get me on
that elevator somehow facial recognition
allegedly put an innocent man behind
bars Randall Reed was pulled over by
police and told that he was wanted for a
robbery in Louisiana a state he had
never even been to Reed happens to be
black which has been known to affect the
accuracy of facial recognition software
in the computer's defense apparently not
even the police officers noticed the
40-pound weight difference between Reed
and the actual suspect which is yet
another example of why facial
recognition is a potentially dangerous
technology we need like whole body
recognition yeah I mean that's clearly
not my penis in other news keeping your
PlayStation 5 upright may damage your
console According to some console
repairers the liquid metal thermal
interface material that is used to cool
the Apu can leak around the processor
and kill some components YouTuber the
coder showed the issue would not occur
had Sony applied a conformal coding
around the Apu but I mean how could they
have had time for that when they were
working on Gran Turismo the movie
if only we could have told them that
this was going to happen haha
Meg safe style technology is coming to
Android phones according to the
specifications for the upcoming G2
charging standard the new tech will keep
devices aligned with charging pads using
magnets just like Apple's solution this
marks the second time I can remember
where Android took an idea from Apple
the first being when they removed the
audio jack so I guess this is what it
feels like when they steal a good idea
nice
fuzzy yesterday AMD finally admitted
that faulty heat sinks are causing
massive Junction temperatures on their
7900 XTX graphics cards in an official
statement the company said they believe
this to be the cause of the thermal
throttling and they are committed to
solving the issue I suppose that after
the public backlash that they got for
claiming that 110 degree temperatures
were normal and then the public backlash
they got over their refusal to accept
returns on the faulty cards not to
mention the multiple independent
investigators doing their job for them
AMD proactively took action to humbly
admit their mistake and Apple has
quietly implemented a new digital
narration feature for its audiobooks to
allow Publishers to use one of two AI
voices to read their books aloud to
customers Apple claims that the tool is
meant to promote independently published
authors but some are fearful for the
future of the narration industry first
AI came for the artists and I said
nothing because I was not an AI artist
then it came for the programmers and I
said nothing because I'm not a
programmer and and now not even LeVar
Burton is safe anymore think of Morgan
Freeman
and think of tomorrow's Tech news
because it's going to be real weird you
thought the smart device that analyzes
your urine was weird in yesterday's
episode just you wait
